Initial commit of product manager (#21)
OctopusDeploy/People: Product.md

# Product Roles

## Product Manager

> I understand and advocate for Octopus users, and have a deep knowledge of the ecosystem Octopus lives in.  I help shape the strategic direction for the Octopus product. I am passionate about building software that users love. 

### I understand and advocate for Octopus users

- I spend time listening to users, through various communication channels  
- I take the time to understand the problems they are trying to solve 
- I use data effectively to predict and report the success of delivered features 
- I use the insight I gain about our users to improve the Octopus product 

### I understand the ecosystem Octopus lives in 

- I have a deep working knowledge of the software development lifecycle 
- I spend time evaluating other tools in the ecosystem
- I understand Octopus's relative strengths and opportunities
- I use the insight I gain about our competitors to improve the Octopus product 

### I am recognised for my communication skills   

- I am an information honey bee, helping all the teams at Octopus connect the dots 

> - I communicate clearly, and I communicate a _lot_

Reviewer: Hehe, I like. Consider:
```suggestion
- I communicate clearly, in the best places, at the best times. That probably means I communicate a _lot_!
```

- I am passionate and persuasive when discussing product direction 
- I help the marketing team to tell a compelling story

> ### I play a key role in delivering software that users love 

Reviewer: Is there value calling out the influence you can have with the development teams around scope hammering? Effective input from a product manager can help the team deliver more valuable things with the right level of lovability.

Reviewer: I've also seen a positive influence product managers can have when engineering teams are struggling to make decisions. I liked the decisiveness introduced when considering RHEL6 support, or the script execution priority for each platform, for examples.
